so what do we know about the extent of
the damage in Gaza well Merlin Thomas
from our BBC verifi team has been
piecing together just what we
know we've seen Israeli air Stripes
continue on Gaza with Force now this is
one of those locations a shat refugee
camp and this is the aftermath residents
sifting through the rubble with their
bare hands searching for survivors and
bodies now ashat is just on the coast
here on the Gaza Strip it's the third
largest refugee camp in the Palestinian
territories according to the UN and
remember Gaza is one of the most densely
populated areas on Earth with over 2.3
million people in just 41 km long square
piece of land and right now it's got
closed borders and within that there are
at least eight refugee camps now we've
been trying to verify the extent of the
damage at sh refugee camp and trying to
find the same before and after images
but pinpointing and matching up exact
streets is almost impossible because the
destruction is so bad now this is an
satellite image of the site just a few
days before the
attack and this is Dr own footage from
reuter's news agency now we don't know
precisely how many were killed but the
Palestinian Ministry of Health said that
there was a large
number and for those who were injured
Gaza hospitals aren't necessarily the
safest place either now gaza's Ministry
says that seven hospitals were hit by is
air strikes we've been unable to verify
that ourselves but we have been able to
verify the damage on just one of those
buildings that's this one here the
International Eye Hospital this is
before the
attack and this is what it looks like
after this is posted on X formerly
Twitter by a charity worker now we
haven't been able to find a statement
from the Israel Defense Forces on this
particular hospital but recently they
said that they have intelligence that
shows that Hamas hides inside hospitals
we haven't been able to independently
verify that now Israel Defense Forces
say they notify garans when an air
strike is imminent now we can't verify
whether that's happening right across
the territory but this this is one of
the ways they do that so sometimes they
drop letters so these little white
specks that you can see here that's them
dropping letters so that people know
when the strike is imminent this is sent
to us by rushi Abu ALU who's our
correspondent in Gaza and he sent us
this video from this area of B Leia and
this is what this letter says this says
in
Arabic so it says you know there's an
attack coming imminently make sure you
evacuate quickly and go to a
shelter Israel has consistently said
that their bombs Target military
locations but as pictures continue to
emerge from Gaza of entire neighborhoods
reduced to Rubble it's clear that it's
causing wide spread damage and that was
Merlin Thomas from our BBC verified team